TERMS OF SERVICE

1. APPLICATION OF TERMS

1.1 These Terms apply to your use of the "Meowy" bot (referred to as the "Service" below). By accessing and using the Service:
a) You agree to these Terms; and
b) Where your access and use are on behalf of another person (e.g., a company), you confirm that you are authorized to, and do in fact, agree to these Terms on that person's behalf, and that, by agreeing to these Terms on that person's behalf, that person is bound by these Terms.

1.2 If you do not agree to these Terms, you are not authorized to access and use the Service, and you must immediately stop doing so.

2. CHANGES

2.1 We may change these Terms at any time by notifying you of the change by email or by posting a notice on the Website. Unless stated otherwise, any change takes effect from the date set out in the notice. You are responsible for ensuring you are familiar with the latest Terms. By continuing to access and use the Service from the date on which the Terms are changed, you agree to be bound by the changed Terms.

2.2 These Terms were last updated on 2023-07-13.

3. INTERPRETATION

In these Terms:

"Meowy" refers to the bot named Meowy.
"Discord" means Discord Inc. and its related companies.
"Discord App" means the voice, video, and text messaging service provided by Discord.
"Discord API" means the API Discord provides you that enables your account on the Discord App to connect and use the Meowy bot.
"Discord End User Data" means all data associated with the content within the functionality of the Meowy bot in conjunction with the Discord App, including but not limited to message context, message metadata, voice data, and voice metadata.
"End Users" means your end users that you allow to interact with the Meowy bot on the Discord App.
"Service" means the provision of the Meowy bot, including any additional features or add-ons, as described on the Website.
"Website" means the website associated with the Meowy bot.
Other defined terms are provided throughout these Terms.
4. THE SERVICE

4.1 You must use your Discord App account to create an account for the Meowy bot. The Meowy bot will enable you to perform certain functions and provide features within the Discord App through the Discord API.

4.2 To avoid doubt, your access and use of the Meowy bot are also governed by Discord's developer terms available at  https://discord.com/developers/docs/legal, as amended from time to time by Discord (Discord Developer Terms). You must comply with the Discord Developer Terms at all times.

4.3 Our sole responsibility to you in relation to the Discord API is to allow the Service connection to the Discord App. To avoid doubt, you are responsible for ensuring your use of Discord's API complies with the Discord Developer Terms.

4.4 You represent and warrant that your End Users have each expressly agreed to:
a) Discord's terms of service available at https://discordapp.com/terms, as amended from time to time by Discord (Discord TOS); and
b) The collection, use, and disclosure of all information made available by the End User in accordance with the Discord Developer Terms, Discord TOS, and Discord's privacy policy available at  https://discordapp.com/privacy (Discord Privacy Policy).

4.5 If your Discord App account is suspended, deleted, or terminated, you will not be able to access and use the Service.

4.6 You indemnify us against any liability, claim, proceeding, cost, expense (including the actual legal fees charged by our solicitors), and loss of any kind arising from any actual or alleged claim by a third party that your use of the Meowy bot on the Discord App:
a) Infringes the rights of that third party (including Intellectual Property Rights and privacy rights); or
b) Breaches the Discord Developer Terms, Discord TOS, or Discord Privacy Policy.

5. PROVISION OF THE SERVICE

5.1 We must use reasonable efforts to provide the Service:
a) In accordance with these Terms and applicable laws;
b) Exercising reasonable care, skill, and diligence; and
c) Using suitably skilled, experienced, and qualified personnel.

5.2 Our provision of the Service to you is non-exclusive. Nothing in these Terms prevents us from providing the Service to any other person.

5.3 Subject to clause 5.4, we must use reasonable efforts to ensure the Service is available on a 24/7 basis. However, it is possible that on occasion, the Service may be unavailable to permit maintenance or other development activity to take place, or in the event of Force Majeure. We must use reasonable efforts to notify you in advance of any unavailability.

5.4 We do not make any warranty or representation on the availability of third-party features or services that the Service may link to or interact with. We may cease to make available any third-party features or services if the provider ceases to provide them or if they are no longer available on reasonable terms.

6. YOUR OBLIGATIONS

6.2 When accessing the Service, you and your personnel must:
a) Not impersonate another person or misrepresent authorization to act on behalf of others or us;
b) Treat all information provided through the Service as confidential and not disclose it to any third party without our prior written consent, unless required by law;
c) Not attempt to undermine the security or integrity of our computing systems or networks or, where the Service is hosted by a third party, that third party's computing systems and networks;
d) Not use, or misuse, the Service in any way that may impair the functionality of the Service or interfere with the ability of any other party to use or enjoy the Service;
e) Not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any materials other than those to which you have been given express permission to access or to the computer system on which the Service is hosted;
f) Not transmit, or input into the Service, any:
i) Files that may damage any other person's computing devices or software, content that may be offensive, or material or data in violation of any law (including data or other material protected by copyright or trade secrets which you do not have the right to use);
ii) Confidential information;
iii) Malicious code, such as viruses, malware, or spyware; or
iv) Material that may be harmful to minors;
g) Not attempt to modify, copy, adapt, reproduce, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any computer programs used to deliver the Service or to operate the Meowy bot, except as permitted by law;
h) Comply with all applicable laws and regulations in relation to your access and use of the Service; and
i) Be solely responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to, access, or use the Service, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, servers, software, operating systems, networking, web servers, and the like (collectively, "Equipment").

6.3 You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all acts and omissions that occur under your account or password or by using your Equipment, and that we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by any unauthorized use of your account or password or your Equipment, whether with or without your knowledge. You agree to notify us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your account or password or your Equipment.

7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

7.1 You acknowledge and agree that we own all intellectual property rights in the Service and the Meowy bot. Except as expressly stated in these Terms, these Terms do not grant you any rights to, or in, patents, copyrights, database rights, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks (whether registered or unregistered), or any other rights or licenses in respect of the Service or the Meowy bot.

7.2 We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the Service solely for your internal business purposes and in accordance with these Terms.

7.3 You retain all intellectual property rights in your content and materials that you provide through the Service. By submitting, posting, or displaying content on or through the Service, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display, and distribute such content in any and all media or distribution methods now known or later developed (the "Content License"). You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power, and authority necessary to grant the Content License.

8. CONFIDENTIALITY

8.1 You agree to keep confidential any information that we designate as confidential or that, by its nature, would reasonably be considered confidential (the "Confidential Information").

8.2 You must not disclose, use, or copy the Confidential Information except as expressly permitted in these Terms or with our prior written consent. You must take all reasonable steps to ensure that your employees, agents, contractors, and any other third parties do not disclose or use the Confidential Information.

8.3 The obligations of confidentiality under this clause 8 will survive the termination of these Terms.

9. WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS

9.1 We warrant that we have the right to provide the Service, and that the Service will be provided with reasonable care and skill.

9.2 You acknowledge that the Service may not be error-free, uninterrupted, or free from harmful components, and we do not warrant that the Service will meet your requirements or expectations.

9.3 To the maximum extent permitted by law, we exclude all implied representations, warranties, and conditions, including those implied by statute, common law, or the law of equity.

10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

10.1 To the maximum extent permitted by law, we exclude all liability and responsibility to you or any other person in contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise for any loss (including loss of information, data, profits, revenue, business, or goodwill), or for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential loss or damage, incurred by you or any other person arising out of or relating to the Service or these Terms, whether arising from our negligence, breach of contract, or otherwise.

10.2 Our total aggregate liability to you or any other person in connection with these Terms and the Service will not exceed the amount actually paid by you to us for the Service in the 12-month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to the liability.

11. INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from:
a) Your use of the Service;
b) Your violation of any provision of these Terms;
c) Your violation of any third-party right, including any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property, or privacy right; or
d) Any claim that your content caused damage to a third party.

12. TERMINATION

12.1 These Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the Service. We may terminate or suspend your access to the Service at any time, with or without cause, and without prior notice.

12.2 Upon termination, all rights and licenses granted to you under these Terms will immediately cease, and you must cease all use of the Service.

12.3 Termination will not affect any accrued rights or liabilities of either party or any provision of these Terms that is expressly or by implication intended to continue in force after termination.

14. GENERAL PROVISIONS

14.1 Entire Agreement: These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements, understandings, and representations, whether oral or written.

14.2 Waiver: Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.

14.3 Severability: If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable under any applicable law, such provision will be deemed amended to achieve as closely as possible the same economic effect as the original provision, and the remainder of these Terms will continue in full force and effect.

14.4 Assignment: You may not assign or transfer these Terms, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent. We may assign or transfer these Terms without restriction.

14.5 Relationship of the Parties: Nothing in these Terms will be deemed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency, or employment relationship between you and us.

14.6 Notices: Any notice or other communication given or made under these Terms must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given or made and to have been received when delivered personally, sent by prepaid first-class post, or sent by email to the address provided by you during the registration process.
